("Somewhere Only We Know" by Keane)
(steady rock music)
♪ I walked across an empty land ♪
♪ I knew the pathway like
the back of my hand ♪
♪ I felt the earth beneath my feet ♪
♪ Sat by the river and
it made me complete ♪
♪ Oh, simple thing, where have you gone ♪
♪ I'm gettin' old, and I
need something to rely on ♪
♪ So, tell me when
you're gonna let me in ♪
♪ I'm gettin' tired, and I
need somewhere to begin ♪
♪ I came across a fallen tree ♪
♪ I felt the branches
of it looking at me ♪
♪ Is this the place we used to love ♪
♪ Is this the place that
I've been dreaming of ♪
♪ Oh, simple thing, where have you gone ♪
♪ I'm gettin' old, and I
need something to rely on ♪
♪ So, tell me when
you're gonna let me in ♪
♪ I'm gettin' tired, and I
need somewhere to begin ♪
♪ And if you have a
minute, why don't we go ♪
♪ Talk about it somewhere only we know ♪
♪ This could be the end of everything ♪
♪ So, why don't we go ♪
♪ Somewhere only we know ♪
♪ Oh, simple thing, where have you gone ♪
♪ I'm getting old, and I
need something to rely on ♪
♪ So, tell me when
you're gonna let me in ♪
♪ I'm getting tired, and I
need somewhere to begin ♪
♪ And if you have a
minute, why don't we go ♪
♪ Talk about it somewhere only we know ♪
♪ This could be the end of everything ♪
♪ So, why don't we go ♪
♪ Ooh, hey, hey ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ This could be the end of everything ♪
♪ So, why don't we go
somewhere only we know ♪
♪ Somewhere only we know ♪